---
title: 认知服务语音 SDK 第三方通知
titleSuffix: Microsoft Cognitive Services
description: 有关第三方工具的信息
services: cognitive-services
author: wolfma61
manager: onano
ms.service: cognitive-services
ms.component: speech-service
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 05/01/2018
ms.author: wolfma
ms.openlocfilehash: ab5309e43239132e69a3800e33fc88dcaf18bd74
ms.sourcegitcommit: 95d9a6acf29405a533db943b1688612980374272
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 06/23/2018
ms.locfileid: "35366329"
---
# <a name="third-party-software-notices-and-information"></a>第三方软件通知和信息

Do Not Translate or Localize

该项目基于或包含来自下列项目（第三方 IP）的材料。 Microsoft 接收此类第三方 IP 所遵循的原始版权通告和许可已在下面列出。 此类许可和通告仅供参考。 在允许的情况下，Microsoft 根据 Microsoft 产品的许可条款向你授予第三方 IP 许可。 Microsoft 保留此协议未明确授予的任何其他权利，无论是通过暗示、默许还是其他方式。

**a.Parson - 在 C 中编写的轻量级 JSON 库**

认知服务客户端语音 SDK 使用从 https://github.com/kgabis/parson 获取的 Parson。 它已获 [MIT 许可证 (MIT)](https://github.com/kgabis/parson#license) 的许可：

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

**b. azure-c-shared-utility - Azure C SDK 通用代码**

认知服务客户端语音 SDK 使用从 https://github.com/Azure/azure-c-shared-utility 获取的 Azure C SDK 通用代码。 它已获 [MIT 许可证 (MIT)](https://github.com/Azure/azure-c-shared-utility/blob/master/LICENSE) 的许可：

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

**c.Catch2**

认知服务客户端语音 SDK 正在使用“Catch2- 仅限标头的新式 C++ 本机测试框架，用于单元测试、TDD 和 BDD - 使用从 https://github.com/catchorg/Catch2 获取的 C++11、C++14、C++17 及更高版本”。 它已获 [Boost 软件许可证 1.0]https://github.com/catchorg/Catch2/blob/master/LICENSE.txt): 的许可

    Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute, execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to do so, all subject to the following:

    The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including the above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer, must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative works are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by a source language processor.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

**d. curl**

认知服务客户端语音 SDK 正在使用“curl - 命令行工具和库，使用 URL 语法传输数据，支持 HTTP、HTTPS、FTP、FTPS、GOPHER、TFTP、SCP、SFTP、SMB、TELNET、DICT、LDAP、LDAPS、FILE、IMAP、SMTP、POP3、RTSP 和 RTMP。 libcurl 提供了无数可从 https://github.com/curl/curl 获取的强大功能。 它已获以下[许可证](https://github.com/curl/curl/blob/master/COPYING)的许可：

    COPYRIGHT AND PERMISSION NOTICE

    Copyright (c) 1996 - 2018, Daniel Stenberg, <daniel@haxx.se>, and many contributors, see the THANKS file.

    All rights reserved.

    Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

    Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization of the copyright holder.

**e. openssl**

认知服务客户端语音 SDK 使用从 https://github.com/openssl/openssl 获得的“openssl - TLS/SSL 和加密库”。 它已获以下[许可证](https://github.com/openssl/openssl/blob/master/LICENSE)的许可：

    The OpenSSL toolkit stays under a double license, i.e. both the conditions of
    the OpenSSL License and the original SSLeay license apply to the toolkit.
    See below for the actual license texts.

    OpenSSL License
    
    /* ====================================================================
    * Copyright (c) 1998-2018 The OpenSSL Project.  All rights reserved.
    *
    * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
    * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
    * are met:
    *
    * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
    *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
    *
    * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
    *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
    *    the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
    *    distribution.
    *
    * 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this
    *    software must display the following acknowledgment:
    *    "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project
    *    for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit. (http://www.openssl.org/)"
    *
    * 4. The names "OpenSSL Toolkit" and "OpenSSL Project" must not be used to
    *    endorse or promote products derived from this software without
    *    prior written permission. For written permission, please contact
    *    openssl-core@openssl.org.
    *
    * 5. Products derived from this software may not be called "OpenSSL"
    *    nor may "OpenSSL" appear in their names without prior written
    *    permission of the OpenSSL Project.
    *
    * 6. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following
    *    acknowledgment:
    *    "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project
    *    for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit (http://www.openssl.org/)"
    *
    * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE OpenSSL PROJECT ``AS IS'' AND ANY
    * EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
    * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
    * PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OpenSSL PROJECT OR
    * ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
    * SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
    * NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
    * LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
    * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
    * STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
    * ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED
    * OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
    * ====================================================================
    *
    * This product includes cryptographic software written by Eric Young
    * (eay@cryptsoft.com).  This product includes software written by Tim
    * Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).
    *
    */

    Original SSLeay License


    /* Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)
    * All rights reserved.
    *
    * This package is an SSL implementation written
    * by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com).
    * The implementation was written so as to conform with Netscapes SSL.
    * 
    * This library is free for commercial and non-commercial use as long as
    * the following conditions are aheared to.  The following conditions
    * apply to all code found in this distribution, be it the RC4, RSA,
    * lhash, DES, etc., code; not just the SSL code.  The SSL documentation
    * included with this distribution is covered by the same copyright terms
    * except that the holder is Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).
    * 
    * Copyright remains Eric Young's, and as such any Copyright notices in
    * the code are not to be removed.
    * If this package is used in a product, Eric Young should be given attribution
    * as the author of the parts of the library used.
    * This can be in the form of a textual message at program startup or
    * in documentation (online or textual) provided with the package.
    * 
    * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
    * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
    * are met:
    * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright
    *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
    *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
    *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
    * 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software
    *    must display the following acknowledgement:
    *    "This product includes cryptographic software written by
    *     Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)"
    *    The word 'cryptographic' can be left out if the rouines from the library
    *    being used are not cryptographic related :-).
    * 4. If you include any Windows specific code (or a derivative thereof) from 
    *    the apps directory (application code) you must include an acknowledgement:
    *    "This product includes software written by Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com)"
    * 
    * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG ``AS IS'' AND
    * ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
    * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
    * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
    * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
    * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
    * OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
    * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
    * LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
    * OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
    * SUCH DAMAGE.
    * 
    * The licence and distribution terms for any publically available version or
    * derivative of this code cannot be changed.  i.e. this code cannot simply be
    * copied and put under another distribution licence
    * [including the GNU Public Licence.]
    */

**f. json**

认知服务客户端语音 SDK 使用从 https://github.com/nlohmann/json 获得的“json - 新式 C++ 适用的 JSON”。 它已获 [MIT 许可证](https://github.com/nlohmann/json/blob/develop/LICENSE.MIT) 的许可：

    MIT License

    Copyright (c) 2013-2018 Niels Lohmann

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

**g. range-v3**

    Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003

    Copyright Eric Niebler 2013-2014

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by this license (the ""Software"") to use, reproduce, display, distribute, execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to do so, all subject to the following:

    The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including the above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer, must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative works are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by a source language processor.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ""AS IS"", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE."

**h.来自 IETF RFC 7049 的示例代码**

    Copyright (c) 2013 IETF Trust and the persons identified as authors of the code. All rights reserved.

    Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

    Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

    Neither the name of Internet Society, IETF or IETF Trust, nor the names of specific contributors, may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

    THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS “AS IS” AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE."
